TINY-8819: Clear styling of an empty editor header (#8139)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Compilation errors were thrown when using TypeScript 4.8. #TINY-9161
- Line separator scrolling in floating toolbars. #TINY-8948
- A double bottom border appeared on inline mode editor for the `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108

> - Editor header showing up even with no menubar/toolbar configured #TINY-8819

Reviewer: For the fixed section past tense is used
```suggestion
- The editor header showed up even with no menubar/toolbar configured #TINY-8819
```

Author: Fixed, and added `.` in the end.

> - The editor header showed up even with no menubar/toolbar configured. #TINY-8819

Reviewer 2: `/` is not allowed in docs/changelog entries as it's unclear if it's `and`, `or` or both.

```suggestion
- The editor header showed up even with no menubar and toolbar configured. #TINY-8819
```

Author: Good to know, thanks!
